Mount travel required for someone like me. I hate to say it, but is dependent
on where your s o If you're When I was on my junior officer
short tour, I did a fair amount of travel, but they're attracting folks
that traveled more than me. I would say I would make three or four
work trips a year in that particular capacity if I'm in an operational
squadron than a lot of times, the types of training you did dictated
how much you had to travel. So we and one of the squadrons I
was in we did, ah, yearly trip from Atsugi, Japan, which is where we're
based down to Okinawa because that's where we could do the training
we needed. Then we'll stay about two or three weeks down there,
uh, in in San Diego when I was a department head With that squadron,
we made probably 3223 trips a year out El Centro, California, which
is not far away from San Diego, but it's still 110 miles in the distance
from your family did a couple times a year. And then we also had
Thio travel up Thio Point, Magoo and Ventura County, California because
that's where we could fly drones. Um, so all told, I'd say I
made about five thio six work trips a year while in an operational squadron
not being deployed. That's very dependent on the type of squad
on your end. Jet Squadron travel much more for training than helicopter
strong squatters.